A few things regarding this repo that are probably useful to know if you wanna use it.

1. There are two core directories: simgrid_environment, and scheduler_cli. These two repos are related and both work
   together.

## Scheduler ClI:

This directory is a python cli of a scheduler implementation that creates an xml file modelling the parameters that
simgrid should use.

## Simgrid Environment

The run.sh script is how you run the project but you

## How to run this stuff.

Build Dockerfile:
```docker build -t simgrid-container .```
Now run it
```docker run -it --rm -v $(pwd):/workspace simgrid-container```

Ok so you will have an open terminal to the docker container that mounts the current directory into the container so
that you can run the simgrid simulations in it.
The simulatins output a json file using the naming pattern of the xml file you pass to it.
```./run.sh /workspace/config/simgrid_configs/jgoldverg@gmail.com_ccuc_network.xml 4 10000000000000 ```
We are compiling and running main.cpp with the xml file being passed to it(generated by the scheduler_cli) and then
saying we want 4 flows moving a total of 10TB.

## Open ended thoughts to think about

When we think about file transfers what we think about is end to end. In this capacity there the energy consumption of
the hops and then the energy consumption of the end system which makes this stick.
How much of the end system do we want to model? For file transfers there are a few key components that can add to this:
1. Compression/Encryption: very algo specific
2. Copying operation cost, most likely very CPU dependent as well as the actual disk/NIC you are copying to and from

The end hosts both will have independent setups that impact performance. Hence do we want to say "whatever" and just
prioritize the network cost? This I think can be much simpler yet it breaks the idea of "end-to-end" which is what I
have focused on so far. Lets wait and think. For now ignore this but may have to do this part soon.

Another thought ive had, is how can we model the energy consumption of parallelism on the source and destination hosts?
